- > “Around 8 years ago, researchers at an institute in Taipei were able to successfully create a particle that moved faster than light. The unintended result was the creation of the formerly hypothetical tachyon particle, an energy form that is in a constant state of inverted time. Tachyons always travel backwards in an attempt to return to their original form, and in doing so, a theoretical infinite energy source was created as any tachyons depleted would rewind itself to its unused form. Right now, it is only applicable on smaller scales, but it is hoped that tachyon based power plants will be functional sometime within the next 10 years.”
- Tachyons is the energy source that powers military grade androids. The energy source is limitless, but expended energy still requires time to recharge, and the amount of energy that can be stored at once is limited. When the tachyon particle was successfully created, it sent off a ripple of energy. While it was undetected by us humans, those from beyond the stars were able to notice, and they began to advance towards Earth. Many of them were friendly and were happy to have discovered another intelligent life form, however there were a few outliers.  Those who wanted a new planet to conquer or were simply looking for destruction were among those who sought contact with Earth
- As such, measures had to be taken to ensure the safety of the planet, and the hybrid android project began development. By taking the brains of humans and placing them inside the bodies of androids, it allowed for Earth to create a strain of super soldiers that could stand up against larger and stronger aliens without as much risk as a squad of soldiers.
- ## The Hybrid Android Program (HA Program)
  collapsed:: true
	- In order to deal with the threat of hostile aliens, the top minds of the world came together in order to create weapons that could not only dispatch any hostile alien but also had the durability to withstand attacks and ability to make decisions in the moment.
	  The solution that was reached was not by consensus, but by results. A certain researcher and a small team of assistants were able to create a prototype android. Powered by tachyons and capable of not only logical and independent decision making, but it was also both durable and powerful enough to go against the alien threats of the time. After a trial run, the funding and resources for more androids was authorized.
	  
	  Since then, there have been five successful batches of androids created. You all are batch six.
	  ---
	  To the members of the public, the androids from the program are fully robotic. They are nothing more than peacekeeping machines. In truth, there is a little more than just machine in there, and the core piece behind each android is a human brain. Potential ‘candidates’ are those who can vanish without much suspicion. The homeless, children, those with no close living relatives, those who were in near fatal accidents. From there, tests are run to check compatibility with the android interface, and if they are successful, the capable candidates are turned into androids.
	  
	  Naturally, their memories of both their past life and the events prior to becoming an android are erased. They are told that they are 100% artificial machines, created to serve a greater purpose.
		- Androids do not need to eat or sleep, but the functions have been incorporated to create a sense of familiarity. Despite how effective the memory wiping is, former habits will still linger, and even though the androids have no need to eat or sleep, the vast majority choose to do so.
		- All androids are fully capable of feeling pain. The researchers are unable to pick and choose which sensations the androids can feel, so if they wish to experiences senses that cannot be replicated with modern machinery, such as taste, smell, and touch, they will also have to deal with pain. Some androids opt to lose those senses in exchange for losing pain as well.
		- Additionally, there is a chance that repressed memories of an androids past life is pulled to the surface upon contact with something from that life. This is the main reason why loners are chosen, to minimize the chance of a repressed memory being awoken. However, it is generally regarded as inevitable, and when it happens, the android's memory of that event must be wiped again.