# Damage Types
	- Damage types are basically the kind of damage that your character can do! These types can be split into two overarching categories, and then further distinguished from there!
	- ## Physical Damage Types
		- Text :3
		- ### Slashing
			-
		- ### Crushing
		- ### Piercing
		- ### Typeless
			- Typeless damage is basically any kind of damage that does not fit into the first three categories, but also cannot be classified as an energy damage type. Typeless damage has no resistances or weaknesses, so it can be considered a kind of true damage (if you want to see it that way)
- # Status Effects
	- Status effects represent temporary or lasting conditions applied during combat, ranging from impairments to buffs. They can alter damage taken or dealt, modify turn order, restrict actions, enhance abilities, or evolve into stronger effects if ignored.
	- ### Damaging
		- Bleeding: [[Slashing]]/[[Piercing]] Status applied when taking more then 5% of Max HP in a single instance of slash-type/pierce-type damage. Next turn, take [[Typeless]] damage equal to current bleed count and remove 50% of current bleed count.
			- Duration: 2 turns, refreshed if bleed is reapplied
		- Burning: [[Flame]] Status applied when taking more then 5% of Max HP in a single instance of flame-type damage. Next turn, take [[Flame]] damage equal to current burn count.
			- Duration: 2 turns
		- Poisoned: [[Toxic]] Status applied when taking more then 5% of Max HP in a single instance of toxic-type damage. Next turn, take [[Toxic]] damage equal to current poison count and raise poison count by 2.
			- Duration: 4 turns
	- ### Debuffing
		- Dazed: [[Crushing]] Status applied when either taking more then 5% of Max HP in a single instance of blunt-type damage or when hit with 2+ blunt skills in a single turn. Next turn, reduce action speed by 2 per count.
			- Duration: 1 turn
			- If action speed is reduced to 0, the target is inflicted with [Stunned]
	- ### Disabling
		- Frozen: [[Frost]] Status applied when
		- Stunned: [[Typeless]] Status applied when action speed is reduced to 0. Next turn, the targets attack phase is skipped.
		  collapsed:: true
			- Duration: 1 turn
		- Dismembered: [[Slashing]] Status applied when taking more than 33% of Max HP in a single instance of slash-type damage. Results in limb loss, limb is determined by [1dx] where x is the number of total limbs the target has. The head/neck is not counted as a limb, and cannot be targeted by this status.
		  collapsed:: true
			- Duration: Until Repaired
			- The limb loss roll rolls for limbs in a clockwise direction from the attackers perspective. For example if you rolled for a human, it would be a 1d4. 1 would be the left arm, 2 would be the left leg, 3 would be the right leg, and 4 would be the right arm.
			- If all limbs have been lost, [Dismembered] is converted into [Decapitated]
		- Crippled: [[Typeless]] Status applied when a leg is disabled due to another status (Dismembered, Pulverized, etc.). While this status is active, [[Agility]] is set to 0 and all agility perks are disabled.
		  collapsed:: true
			- Duration: Until
	- ### Buffing
	- ### Targeting
		- Taunt: Applied through various skills. The ally/enemy with the highest taunt potency is the only applicable target for that team. Next turn, remove all taunt potency.
		  collapsed:: true
			- If two or more enemies have equal Aggro stacks, players can freely choose which of the acceptable targets to attack.
		- Marked For Death: Applied by [[Bloodhunt]]. While an enemy/ally is marked for death, [[Reaper]] can only target that enemy/ally.